a booktubers it's camera again and I
hope they're all having a great Memorial
Day I've got some pretty big news a
couple days ago I hit a thousand
subscribers which is nuts I really never
thought I would hit a thousand
subscribers I mean it's kind of obvious
considering my user name is book movie
guy if I would have known that I was
gonna get a thousand subscribers I would
have chosen something a bit more
original than that but it's no big deal
I mean it seems to be working out pretty
well so but anyway thank you to all my
new subscribers and to my old
subscribers for subscribing to watch my
face talk about books and movies and all
that good stuff so I'm gonna go ahead
and stop rambling and get on with it I'm
gonna go ahead and do a book haul I know
I still have to do part two of my
question in answers video but this has
all been piling up for the past month or
so so I figured I might as well get this
book haul out of the way first up I got
horns test by Patricia Cornwell my
library had a few books sitting out for
sale for 50 cents apiece and I thought
this looked pretty cool and I've been
wanting to read smut Patricia Cornwell
books for a while because I hear there
are pretty good mystery thrillers next
up I got slammed by Nick Hornby this was
only a dollar at my local Walmart which
is a pretty good deal I have seen the
movie of this and I really liked it so I
think I'm really gonna like the book as
well
this next one I am really excited to
read and that is insurgent by Veronica
Roth I got this day one man I cannot
wait to read this book
I absolutely love divergent for those
who don't know this is the second book
in the divergent trilogy I have read the
first 30 pages but then I had to start
reading my textbook for school so I
haven't had time to actually get into it
more but as soon as summer rolls around
after I finished matching a singleton
and review it I'm definitely going to
read this book next up I went to books
and company and went right to the
clearance section and they usually have
a whole lot of great books for sale
there they're really cheap so I picked
Leviathan by Scott Westerfeld I have
been wanting to read this book for a
very very long time now I loved
steampunk but I haven't gotten to read
very much steampunk I think this book is
gonna be really awesome so I'm looking
forward to reading it another book I've
got a books in company for only $8 was
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies by Jane
Austen and Seth grahame-smith this book
has been catching my eye for a couple
years now and it looks really really
awesome this is actually the limited
heirloom edition which is in leather and
it's a beautiful book and it's got as
you can see like the emblem there with
Jane Austen zombiefied it's got the
really nice in papers there as well as
some really really good illustrations
inside and it says here on the back now
with 30% more zombies so the limited
edition is actually an extended version
of the story so if you want this book
only with more zombies than when you
pick up this copy I have not read the
original Pride and Prejudice but I
really want to before I read this so
hopefully I can get around reading that
soon so I can dig into this by Halloween
next one I got for only three dollars
and that is until the end by Christopher
Pike this is a bind up of all three
books from the final Friends trilogy
that was released back in the 90s I
really really love 90s Y horror novels
so I'm really looking forward to reading
this book but it is a beast so I don't
know when I'm gonna be able to get
around to this one next I got dragon
eyes by Dean Koontz I got this at that
used bookstore I was telling you guys
about a few book hauls ago it's the one
that's got a really really big basement
just filled with books this is a first
edition hardcover copy and it's in great
condition so I was really happy to find
this next up the annual from book
Disorders contacted me a couple weeks
ago asking me if I wanted any of these
Ellery Queen mystery magazines that he
had that were his uncle's he said he was
just gonna throw them away and asked me
if I wanted them so I said absolutely as
you all probably know I am a huge
mystery nut so I was really happy when
he contacted me about these and these
are all pretty old too they're all from
the early eighties to the late 80s so
some of them aren't in the best
condition and others are in pretty good
shape either way I am really happy to
add these this one right here is the
oldest one and it's from July 1983
this one's from December 1983 February
1985 July 1986
March 1987
October 1987 this one's missing a cover
that it's from April 1988 may 1988
this one's from August 1988 and lastly
this one is from November 1989 again the
annual thank you so much for these these
are absolutely incredible promise you
I'll take really really good care of
them I will not let anything bad happen
to these oh and Daniel also sent me
haunted house stories just as a bonus
and I've always loved books like this
that have you know different scary
stories for kids I was like reading
these kind of books do my siblings
around Halloween time so thank you again
Daniel for sending this as well this is
really awesome
and lastly I was sent some swag from
Daniel marks y-a as a lot of you
probably know Danny was doing a giveaway
for some swag of his new book Velveteen
and I got sent five of these signed book
marks right here and I also got sent
this little thingamajig I'm not sure
exactly what it is but it's cool part of
the contest is to you said you could
keep one or two of these bookmarks and
give the other three away all I have to
do is just send him a picture or a video
of me giving one of these three
bookmarks away and I will be entered
into its next contest for the giveaway
of a art copy of Velveteen or a signed
hardcover copy of the pledge by Kimberly
dirty and there are a couple people that
I have in mind to send a couple of these
bookmarks to so hopefully I can get
entered into the next contest and win
one of those books anyway guys that is
all for right now and a couple weeks I
am getting off for summer vacation and I
am off from the middle of June all the
way to August 27th which is a really
long break and I am so looking forward
to it I just really need that freedom so
bad so I can finally finish writing my
book so I can start sending that around
publishing companies and agents plus I
have to catch up on so many videos like
I said I have to do part two of my
question and answers and I have a few
reviews I want to do
I have to do my DVD and blue-ray update
I've got a ton of movies I've gotten
over the past month so look out for
those and I will see you guys later bye